On android, when the keyboard is active, the ferns go up, to match the bottom margin - the ferns shouldn't be visible only when the keyboard is down.

On android when searching for books, I need to have more space to see all the books, and I press the back button to close the keyboard, but it goes to the previous page instead of minimizing the keyboard.

In the digital library section, how do I move books from shelf "All books" to appear in another shelf? Or from one custom shelf to another custom shelf?

When I press "share" button on Android i get the photo 1.png.

When I go in a book then press back, on Android the keyboard pops up, as if waiting to write something. I want the keyboard not to pop-up.

Android buttons sit above the Android ui inside a book menu, on the main menu it's ok, but see if this happens in any other menu.

Borrows should only happen if a book is physical, and it's just a bookkeeping note to see who has the physical copy.
In server console if a lend already happened, someone can also ask for a lend - that is fine, but I cannot lend it, just revoke it

I am starting to think if it's a better way to have digital shelves separated in two categories: personal, meaning only you will see the books arranged in that shelf and public, meaning the shelf can get shared automatically through the sync server

Feature: i want to see who added a book, for example have a category somewhere saying added by

When borrowing a book, there should be 2 mechanisms in place for the lender and the borrower to be notified: first, through his account (the owner is the one who added the book, but can be changed from the server console) will have a notification screen, where he can see borrowings and lendings or whatever should be notified about, and if SMTP is configured, an email saying which book was or not lent

Even though it's a server with multiple users, how can I mark some books as being accessible only by certain people?

There is a bug that when I gave a user read write rights, they had problems like in the photo 2.png
